Find all movies directed by "Steven Spielberg" after 2006 - ok
Who is the director of the movie "Catch Me If You Can"? - ok
Find the actor who played "Captain Miller" in the movie "Saving Private Ryan" - ok
What is the genre of the movie "Jurassic Park"? - ok
Who was the director of the movie Joy from 2015? yes but Joy mapped as Verb
Who acted "John Nash" in the movie "A Beautiful Mind"? yes but not WHO acts
Find all movies written by "Matt Damon" - ok UI
Find all movies written and produced by "Woody Allen" - ok but need to be different conditions
Find all movies featuring "Kate Winslet" - ok
What was the budget of the movie "Juno" from 2007? - ok
Find all comedies produced in year 2015 ** not
Who was the actor that played "Vinny Gambini" in the movie "My Cousin Vinny"? - ok
Find all actors born in "Los Angeles" after 1980 - ok
Find all movies by directors born in "Los Angeles" - ok
What company produced the movie "Juno"? - not
Find all movies that were produced by Netflix - ok
Find all actors who were born in "New York City" in 1984 - ok
Find all movies about Persians - ok UI
Who are the actors born in "New York City" after 1990? - ok
Find all movies produced by "Walt Disney" after 2010 - ok
Find all movies featuring "Benedict Cumberbatch" - ok UI
Which movies did "Alfred Hitchcock" direct? - ok
Find all movies about Autism - ok UI
Find all movies directed by "Woody Allen" and featuring "Scarlett Johansson" - ok UI
What are all the tv series created by "Shonda Rhimes"? - ok
Who acts "Olivia Pope" in the series Scandal? not Who acts
What are all the movies directed by "Quentin Tarantino" featuring "Christoph Waltz"? - ok UI
Who directed the movie "Inglourious Basterds"? - not Who acts
Who is the writer of the movie "Django Unchained" - ok
What are the series featuring "Kerry Washington"? - ok
What are all the movies featuring "Kerry Washington"? - ok
Find the directors of all movies featuring "Kate Winslet" - not remove OT
Find the producers of all movies in which "Kate Winslet" is an actor - not remove QT
What are the series in which "Scott Foley" is an actor? - ok
What company produced the series Scandal? not  but What is the comapny that produced the series Scandal? works
Find all tv series produced by Netflix - ok
Find all movies produced by Netflix - ok
Find all movies featuring "Kevin Spacey" - ok UI
Who is the director of the series "House of Cards" produced by Netflix? - ok
Who is the director of the tv series "House of Cards" from 2013? - ok
Find all movies in which "Robin Wright" appears - ok UI
Find all the female actors from Austin - ok
Find all actors from Austin born after 1980 - ok
How many movies are there that are directed by "Steven Spielberg" and featured by "Matt Damon"? not - Add How many What ok UI
Find all actors from Italy born after 1980 - ok
Find all the female actors born in "New York City" after 1980  - ok
Find all the female actors in the movie "Saving Private Ryan" - ok
Who acts as "Alan Turing" in the movie "The Imitation Game"? - not WHO acts
Who is the actor playing "Alan Turing" in "The Imitation Game"? -ok
What year was the movie "The Imitation Game" produced - ok
Find all movies about "Iraq war" - ok
Find all the directors who are from Afghanistan - ok
Give me the name of all the actors from Afghanistan - not (name)
Who is the writer of "The Truman Show" - ok
List all the Sci-Fi movies which released in 2010 - ok UI
Find the actors who played in the movie "Camp X-Ray" - ok
Find all actors from Canada who acted in "James Bond" movies - ok UI
List "James Bond" directors - not List NNP with James Bond root children nemei
find all films in which "Rowan Atkinson" acted as "Mr. Bean" - ok UI
List all the movies directed by "Asghar Farhadi" in which "Taraneh Alidoosti" played - ok UI
where is the director of "The Past" from - ok WHERE intuition
who acted the role of "Mr. Bean" - ok
what are the genres of movies directed by "Asghar Farhadi" - ok UI
Which movie had the character "Daffy Duck" *** - not What is the movie with the character "Daffy Duck"
which company funded the "Mickey Mouse" series ***  - not (funded series)
What are the roles in the movie "Daddy Long Legs" - ok UI delete needed
List all male directors who worked with the "NBCUniversal" company - ok
What are the movies related to "nuclear weapons" - ok
List all the directors of movies about "nuclear weapons" - ok
