find the number of preschools in Madison
find the number of restaurants rated more than 3.5
find the total checkins in Moroccan restaurants in "Los Angeles"
find the total checkins in Moroccan restaurants in "Los Angeles" on Fridays
find the total checkins in Moroccan restaurants in "Los Angeles" per day
find the total checkins in Italian delis in each state on Sundays
How many reviews has Niloofar written in 2015
what is the average rating given in Michelle reviews
What is the number of checkins for "Cafe Zinho" on fridays
how many users reviewed "Sushi Too" in Pittsburgh
What is the number of pet groomers in Edinburgh
How many pet groomers exist in Edinburgh
What is the number of restaurants in Pittsburgh rated 4.5
How many tips have been written in 2015
What is the total likes on tips from Niloofar
What is the total likes on tips about "Cafe Zinho"
What is the total likes on tips from Niloofar about "Cafe Zinho"
How many tips has Michelle written in 2014
How many tips has Michelle written in April
what is the number of restaurants in TX
What is the number of dentists in "Los Angeles"?
How many dentists in "Los Angeles" have a rating above 4?
How many people reviewed the restaurant "Texas de Brazil" in Dallas TX?
How many people reviewed "Bistro Di Napoli" in 2015?
How many restaurants are there in the Hazelwood district of Dallas?
How many Starbucks are there in Dallas TX?
How many reviews does "Acacia Cafe" have?
Find the average number of checkins in restaurant "Barrio Café" per day
How many businesses are there in the "Stone Meadows" neighborhood in Madison?
How many bars in Dallas have a rating above 3.5?
What is the number of businesses user Michelle reviews per month?
How many reviews has Adrienne written?
How many reviews has Michelle written in March 2014?
How many businesses has Michelle reviewed in 2010?
How many businesses in "San Diego" has Christine reviewed in 2010?
How many Target are there in "Los Angeles"?
How many users have reviewed Irish pubs in Dallas?
What is the average rating of reviews written in year 2014?
How many people reviewed restaurant "Vintner Grill" in 2010?
Find the number of reviews on businesses located in "South Summerlin" neighborhood
How many escape games are there in Madison?
Find the number of users called Michelle
Return me the number of businesses that are restaurants.
Return me the number of cities that has "Panda Express".
Return me the number of tips that are written by Michelle.
Return me the number of tips that are written by Michelle in 2010.
Find the total checkins in "Brighton Heights" neighborhood
Find the total checkins in Sundays
Find the total number of reviews written in March
Find the number of tips written in each month
How many neighborhoods have a business with rating 5 in Madison?
