return me the authors who have cooperated both with "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava".
return me the authors who have cooperated with "H. V. Jagadish" or "Divesh Srivastava".
return me the authors who have cooperated with "H. V. Jagadish" after 2000.
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava".
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Yunyao Li" after 2005.
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Yunyao Li" on PVLDB.
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Yunyao Li" on PVLDB after 2005.
return me the authors who have cooperated with "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava" before 2000.
return me the authors who have cited the papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava".
return me the number of papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava" before 2000.
return me the number of papers written by "H. V. Jagadish", "Yunyao Li", and "Cong Yu".
return me the number of authors who have cooperated with "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of authors who have cited the papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava" with more than 200 citations.
return me the author who has the most number of papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the conference that has the most number of papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the journal that has the most number of papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of authors who have more than 10 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of the conferences, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of the journals, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of the authors who have more than 10 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of conferences, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of journals, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of keywords, which have been contained by more than 100 papers in VLDB conference.
return me the number of keywords, which have been contained by more than 100 papers in PVLDB.
return me the number of keywords, which have been contained by more than 10 papers of "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the keyword, which have been contained by the most number of papers in VLDB conference.
return me the keyword, which have been contained by the most number of papers in PVLDB.
return me the keyword, which have been contained by the most number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the journal, which has the most number of papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the conference, which has the most number of papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the author who has the most number of papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the author in the "University of Michigan" whose papers have the most total citations.
return me the author in the "University of Michigan" whose papers in Databases area have the most total citations.
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava" with the most number of citations.
return me the conferences, which have more than 10 papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the conference, which have the most number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the journals, which have more than 10 papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the journal, which have the most number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the paper with the most citations.
return me the paper in Databases area with the most citations.
return me the paper in PVLDB with the most citations.
return me the paper in VLDB conference with the most citations.
return me the paper by "H. V. Jagadish" with the most citations.
return me the paper after 2000 with the most citations.
return me the paper after 2000 in Databases area with the most citations.
return me the paper after 2000 in PVLDB with the most citations.
return me the paper after 2000 in VLDB conference with the most citations.
return me the authors who have more than 10 papers in PVLDB.
return me the authors who have the most number of papers in PVLDB.
return me the authors who have more than 10 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the conferences, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the journals, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the keywords, which have been contained by more than 100 papers in VLDB conference.
return me the keywords, which have been contained by more than 100 papers in PVLDB.
return me the keywords, which have been contained by more than 10 papers of "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the authors who have more than 10 papers in the VLDB conference.
return me the author who has the most number of papers in the VLDB conference.
return me the authors who have more papers on VLDB than ICDE.
return me the author in the "University of Michigan" whose papers have more than 5000 total citations.
return me the author in the "University of Michigan" in Databases area whose papers have more than 5000 total citations.
