return me the authors who have papers in PVLDB 2010.
return me the authors who have papers in PVLDB after 2010.
return me the authors who have papers in VLDB conference in 2002.
return me the authors who have papers in VLDB conference before 2002.
return me the authors who have papers in VLDB conference before 2002 after 1995.
return me the authors who have papers in VLDB conference before 1995 or after 2002.
return me the area of PVLDB.
return me the authors who have papers in PVLDB.
return me the organization "H. V. Jagadish" is in.
return me the conferences, which have papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the journals, which have papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the domain where "H. V. Jagadish" is focused.
return me the authors of "Making database systems usable".
return me the conference, which published "Making database systems usable".
return me the references of "Making database systems usable".
return me the citations of "Making database systems usable".
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the papers on VLDB conference.
return me the papers on PVLDB.
return me the papers on PVLDB after 2000.
return me the papers on VLDB conference after 2000.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on PVLDB.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on VLDB conference.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" after 2000.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on PVLDB after 2000.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on VLDB conference after 2000.
return me the area of the VLDB conference.
return me the authors who have papers in the VLDB conference.
return me all the keywords in Databases area.
return me all the papers, which contain the keyword "Natural Language".
return me the keywords of "Making database systems usable".
return me the keywords related to "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the keywords in VLDB conference.
return me the keywords in PVLDB.
return me the keywords in the papers of "University of Michigan".
return me the papers of "H. V. Jagadish" containing keyword "User Study".
return me the papers in PVLDB containing keyword "Keyword search".
return me the papers in VLDB conference containing keyword "Information Retrieval".
return me the authors who have papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me all the organizations in Databases area.
return me all the organizations in Databases area located in "North America".
return me all the researchers in "University of Michigan".
return me all the researchers in Databases area in "University of Michigan".
return me all the papers in "University of Michigan".
return me all the papers after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me all the papers in VLDB conference in "University of Michigan".
return me all the papers in PVLDB in "University of Michigan".
return me all the papers in VLDB after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me all the papers in PVLDB after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me the paper in Databases area with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper in PVLDB with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper in VLDB conference with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper by "H. V. Jagadish" with more than 200 citations.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on PVLDB with more than 200 citations.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on VLDB conference with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper after 2000 with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper after 2000 in Databases area with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper after 2000 in PVLDB with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper after 2000 in VLDB conference with more than 200 citations.
