return me the number of conferences which have papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of journals which have papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" in each year.
return me the number of authors of "Making database systems usable".
return me the number of citations of "Making database systems usable" in each year.
return me the number of citations of "Making database systems usable" before 2010.
return me the number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of papers on VLDB conference.
return me the number of papers on PVLDB.
return me the number of papers after 2000.
return me the number of papers on PVLDB after 2000.
return me the number of papers on VLDB conference after 2000.
return me the number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on PVLDB.
return me the number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on VLDB conference.
return me the number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish" after 2000.
return me the number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on PVLDB after 2000.
return me the number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on VLDB conference after 2000.
return me the number of keywords.
return me the number of keywords in Databases area.
return me the number of papers which contain the keyword "Natural Language".
return me the number of the keywords of "Making database systems usable".
return me the number of the keywords related to "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of keywords in VLDB conference.
return me the number of keywords in PVLDB.
return me the number of keywords in the papers of "University of Michigan".
return me the number of the papers of "H. V. Jagadish" containing keyword "User Study".
return me the number of papers in PVLDB containing keyword "Keyword search".
return me the number of papers in VLDB conference containing keyword "Information Retrieval".
return me the number of authors who have papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the total citations of the papers containing keyword "Natural Language"
return me the number of the organizations.
return me the number of the organizations in "North America".
return me the number of organizations in Databases area.
return me the number of organizations in Databases area located in "North America".
return me the number of papers in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of papers in "University of Michigan" in Databases area.
return me the number of papers after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of papers in VLDB conference in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of papers in PVLDB in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of papers in VLDB after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of papers in PVLDB after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me the total citations of the papers in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of researchers in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of researchers in Databases area in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of authors who have papers in PVLDB.
return me the number of authors who have papers in the VLDB conference.
return me the number of papers published on PVLDB before 2000.
return me the number of papers published in the VLDB conference before 2000.
return me the total citations of all the papers in PVLDB.
return me the citations of each paper in PVLDB.
return me the total citations of papers in PVLDB in 2005.
return me the total citations of papers in PVLDB before 2005.
return me the total citations of papers in PVLDB in each year.
return me the number of papers published in PVLDB in each year.
return me the total citations of all the papers in the VLDB conference.
return me the citations of each paper in the VLDB conference.
return me the total citations of papers in the VLDB conference in 2005.
return me the total citations of papers in the VLDB conference before 2005.
return me the total citations of papers in the VLDB conference in each year.
return me the number of papers published in the VLDB conference in each year.
